---
title: version 1.5
date: 2023-06-10 20:40:39
permalink: /pages/5e0d5b/
categories:
  - 技术
  - VSCode 更新文档
tags:
  - VSCode
---

## [August 2016 (version 1.5)](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_5)

### [August Release Summary](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_5#_august-release-summary)

The VS Code team was hard at work during August and we are happy with the release and we hope you like it too. There are key updates to the UI, extension support, debugging and the extensibility APIs.

Here are some highlights:

- Workbench: Bring the File Explorer to life with File Icon Themes. VS Code ships with two icon themes with more available on the Marketplace.
- Debugging: The console [REPL] just got a whole lot more usable with IntelliSense for Node.js as well as debug protocol additions to support IntelliSense by other debug extensions. We also added support for multiline input.
- Extensions:
  - You can now quickly see an extension's contributions (commands, settings, languages). Both for your installed extensions and those on the Marketplace.
  - Sort your Marketplace extension searches by installation count and ratings.
  - Turn on auto update or use Update All for your installed extensions.
- Editor: New settings to control word wrap and auto save.
- Quick Open: Performance improvements with Quick Open for large projects.
- Extension Authoring: Expanded editor command API to support VIM emulation.

> Note: We had planned to ship 1.5 fully translated. Unfortunately, there are some delays with the translations and we do not want hold this release. We will ship an update with all the translations soon.

### [Keep Quick Open visible even when focus is outside](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_5#_keep-quick-open-visible-even-when-focus-is-outside)

We added a new setting `workbench.quickOpen.closeOnFocusLost` to control if Quick Open should close when focus moves out of the widget. By default, Quick Open will close, but you can set it to `false` to stay open even when focus is outside of VS Code.

### [Settings to enable/disable Emmet for languages](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_5#_settings-to-enabledisable-emmet-for-languages)

You can now associate existing Emmet syntax profiles (such as `html`, `css`) with other languages with the new `emmet.syntaxProfiles` setting. The setting takes a language Id and associates it with an Emmet profile.

For example, to use Emmet HTML abbreviations inside JavaScript:

```json
{
  "emmet.syntaxProfiles": {
    "javascript": "html"
  }
}
```

You can disable Emmet abbreviations for a particular language using the `emmet.excludeLanguages` setting. The setting below disables Emmet in PHP files:

```json
{
  "emmet.excludeLanguages": ["php"]
}
```
